  About Power Plant: Power Plant is the current working title to a top down stratagey and resource management based game. The ultimate goal is to place the player in a world in need of power. By placing and managing powerplants near these cities, they will grow and reward the player with the financial ability to place more effective and useful powerplants later. The goal is to provide every city in the world with power. The player can do this through multiple different power plants, some being clean producing and expensive such as geothermal and nuclear plants, or cheap and polluting plants such as coal and natural gas. Environmental factors play a precident, with limited natural resorces and rising tides from melting polar caps. Political management is also important, promoting population growth in cities and managing power costs on that population. Popularity is the final important factor, with happier citizens willing to pay more for power, and unhappyones going off grid altogether and limiting the financial return from a city.
  What is available to be seen is the map genorator I have been working on as part of this project. The grid size will be set by the user, as well as the percentage of land mass and city population on the map. From there, a hexagonal grid is generated, and continents are seeded and grown. On these continents, in a similar fashion, biomes are grown but limited in size and allowed to grow in whatever shape they wish. Afterwards, biome islands(tiles that do not have a matching neighbor of the same biome) take a weighted average of their neighbors to determine what biome they will fall into. Special modifiers that affect powerplant preformance are then placed around the map, each geared to a specific biome but can appear anywhere. Finally a last pass places cities, making sure not to place them too near another city, and not ontop of a modifier tile. 
  The camera control system works by making a pyramid range of motion above the map, limmiting the movement of the camera to the maps edges at any height. By scrolling the camera can zoom in and out, and by right click and dragging the camera can be moved around the map. By left clicking on a tile a second screen will be brought up where the next portion of the project will take place. Here will be all the information about the currently selected tile, as well as all the manipulations to the tile the player is capable of.
  This is a project in current development. If you wish to view its current progress, it can be located here: 
